2-step garage
20th-century classical music
4-beat
a cappella
absolute music
acid breaks
acid house
acid jazz
acid rock
acid techno
acid trance
acousmatic
acousmatic music
acoustic music
adult contemporary
adult contemporary music
african blues
african heavy metal
african hip hop
african popular music
african-american music
afro-cuban jazz
afro/cosmic
afrobeat
afrobeats
afroswing
aggrotech
aguinaldo
al jeel
aleatoric music
alegrías
alternative country
alternative dance
alternative hip hop
alternative metal
alternative r&b
alternative reggaeton
alternative rock
ambient
ambient dub
ambient house
ambient music
ambient pop
ambient techno
ambrosian chant
american folk music
american folk-music revival
americana
anarcho punk
anarcho-punk
anatolian rock
ancient music
anglican chant
anti-folk
apala
appalachian music
arabesque
arabic pop
arabic pop music
arena rock
argentine rock
armenian chant
ars antiqua
ars nova
ars subtilior
art pop
art punk
art rock
ashik
asian underground
assyrian folk/pop music
australian country
australian country music
australian hip hop
austropop
avant-funk
avant-garde jazz
avant-garde metal
avant-garde music
avant-pop
avant-prog
avant-punk
axé
azonto
bac-bal
bachata
background music
baggy
baila
baisha xiyue
baithak gana
baião
bajourou
bakersfield sound
bal-musette
balakadri
balearic beat
balearic trance
balinese gamelan
balkan brass
ballad
ballata
ballet
ballroom dance
baltimore club
bambuco
banda
banda music
bangsawan
bantowbol
barbershop music
barcarolle
bard
barn dance
baroque music
baroque pop
barynya
bass music
bassline
batucada
batá-rumba
baul
beach music
beat
beat music
beatboxing
beatlesque
beautiful music
bebop
beguine
beiguan music
bel canto
below
bend-skin
beneventan chant
benga
benga music
bent edge
berlin school of electronic music
bhajan
bhangra
bhangragga
bhawaiya
big band music
big beat
big room house
biguine
bihu
biker metal
bikutsi
biomusic
bitpop
black metal
black midi
blackened death metal
blackgaze
blue-eyed soul
bluegrass
bluegrass music
blues
blues ballad
blues rock
boi
bolero
bollywood songs
bongo flava
boogaloo
boogie
boogie rock
boogie-woogie
boom bap
boomba
bosnian root music
bossa nova
bothy ballad
bounce music
bouncy techno
bouyon
brass
brazilian rock
breakbeat
breakbeat hardcore
breakcore
breakstep
brega
breton
brill building
brill building sound
brit funk
british blues
british dance band
british folk rock
british hip hop
british invasion
british rhythm and blues
british rock and roll
british rock music
britpop
broken beat
brostep
brown-eyed soul
brukdown
bubblegum dance
bubblegum pop
buddhist music
bulerías
bullerengue
bunraku
burger-highlife
burgundian school
bush ballad
byzantine music
c-pop
ca din tulnic
ca trù
cabaret
cadence rampa
cadence-lypso
cajun
cajun fiddle
cajun music
cakewalk
calinda
calypso
calypso music
calypso-style baila
campursari
can can
canadian blues
canción
candombe
canon
cantata
cante chico
cante jondo
canterbury scene
cantes de ida y vuelta
cantiga
cantiñas
canto livre
cantopop
canzone
canzone napoletana
cape breton fiddling
cape jazz
capoeira music
carimbó
cariso
carnatic
carnatic music
carnavalito
carol
cartageneras
cavacha
celempungan
cello rock
celtic
celtic chant
celtic fusion
celtic metal
celtic music
celtic punk
celtic reggae
celtic rock
cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chá
chacarera
chakacha
chalga
chamamé
chamarrita
chamber jazz
chamber music
chamber pop
champeta
changüí
chanson
chant
chap hop
charanga
charanga-vallenata
charikawi
charleston
chastushka
chicago blues
chicago house
chicago soul
chicano rock
chicha
chicken scratch
children's music
chill-out
chill-out music
chillwave
chimurenga
chinese music
chinese rock
chiptune
chopper
choro
chouval bwa
chowtal
christian alternative rock
christian country
christian country music
christian electronic
christian hardcore
christian hip hop
christian metal
christian music
christian pop
christian punk
christian rock
christian ska
christmas carol
christmas music
chula
chumba
church music
chut-kai-pang
chutney
chutney music
chutney parang
chutney soca
chylandyk
chèo
chầu văn
cifra
circus music
city pop
classic country
classic female blues
classical crossover
classical music
classical period
close harmony
cloud rap
coladeira
coldwave
college rock
combined rhythm
comedy
comedy music
comedy rap
comedy rock
comic opera
compas
complextro
concerto
concerto grosso
conga
congolese rumba
conjunto
conscious hip hop
contemporary christian music
contemporary folk music
contemporary laïka
contemporary r&b
continental jazz
contradanza
cool jazz
coon song
coptic music
corrido
country blues
country folk
country music
country pop
country rap
country rock
coupé-décalé
cowboy
cowboy pop
cowpunk
crabcore
creole music
cretan
criolla
crossover jazz
crossover thrash
crunk
crunkcore
crust punk
crustgrind
csárdás
cuarteto
cuban rumba
cueca
cumbia
cumbia villera
currulao
cyber metal
czech bluegrass
cải lương
d-beat
dabke
dadra
daina
dance music
dance-pop
dance-punk
dance-rock
dancehall
dangdut
danger music
dansband
danza
danzón
dappan koothu
dark ambient
dark cabaret
dark electro
dark pop
dark wave
darkcore
darkstep
de dragoste
death 'n' roll
death industrial
death metal
death rock
death-doom
deathcore
deathgrind
deathrock
deep funk
deep house
delta blues
descarga
desert rock
desi
detroit blues
detroit techno
dhamar
dhrupad
dhun
diablada
digital hardcore
dirge
dirty rap
disco
disco polo
diva house
dixieland
djent
doina
dolewave
dondang sayang
donegal fiddle tradition
dongjing
doo-wop
doom metal
downtempo
dream pop
dream trance
drill
drill music
drone
drone metal
drone music
drum and bass
drumstep
dub
dub music
dub poetry
dub reggae
dub techno
dubstep
dubstyle
dubtronica
dunedin sound
dungeon synth
dunun
dutch house
dutch jazz
décima
early music
east coast hip hop
easy listening
electric blues
electro
electro backbeat
electro house
electro swing
electro-industrial
electroacoustic
electroacoustic music
electroclash
electrogrind
electronic body
electronic body music
electronic dance music
electronic music
electronic rock
electronica
electronicore
electropop
electropunk
elevator music
emo
emo hip hop
emo pop
emo rap
english folk music
enka
eremwu eu
ethereal wave
ethiopian chant
ethnic electronica
ethno jazz
euro disco
euro house
euro-trance
eurobeat
eurodance
european free jazz
europop
eurotrance
exotica
experimental
experimental hip hop
experimental music
experimental pop
experimental rock
expressionist music
extempo
extratone
extreme metal
fado
falak music
fandango
fandangos
farruca
festejo
fidget house
fife and drum blues
fijiri
filk
filk music
film score
filmi
filmi-ghazal
fingerstyle
flamenco
florida breaks
folk jazz
folk metal
folk music
folk pop
folk punk
folk rock
folktronica
footwork
forró
foxtrot
freak folk
freakbeat
free funk
free improvisation
free jazz
free tekno
freestyle
french house
french pop
frevo
fuji
fuji music
full on
full-on
funaná
funeral doom
funk
funk carioca
funk metal
funk rock
funkstep
funktronica
funky house
furniture music
future bass
future garage
future house
future soul
futurepop
g-funk
gaa-gal
gaana
gabber
gagaku
gaita zuliana
galant
gallican chant
gamelan
gamelan bebonangan
gamelan degung
gamelan gong kebyar
gamelan salendro
gamelan selunding
gamelan semar pegulingan
gammaldans
gandrung
gangsta rap
gar
garage house
garage punk
garage rock
garage rock revival
garba
gato
gavotte
geek rock
gelineau psalmody
gender wayang
genge
german folk
ghana
ghazal
ghetto house
ghettotech
girl group
glam metal
glam punk
glam rock
glitch
glitch hop
gnawa music
go-go
goa trance
golden age hip hop
gong chime
goombay
goregrind
goshu ondo
gospel blues
gospel music
gothabilly
gothic metal
gothic rock
gqom
grebo
gregorian chant
grime
grindcore
grindie
groove metal
group sounds
grunge
grupera
guajira
guarania
gumbe
gunchei
gunka
guoyue
gwo ka
gwo ka moderne
gypsy jazz
gypsy punk
habanera
halling
hambo
hamburger schule
happy hardcore
haqibah
harawi
hard bop
hard dance
hard house
hard rock
hard trance
hardbag
hardbass
hardcore
hardcore hip hop
hardcore punk
hardstep
hardstyle
hardtechno
hardvapour
harsh noise
harsh noise wall
hasapiko
heartland rock
heavy metal music
hellbilly
hi-nrg
highlife
hill country blues
hindustani classical
hindustani classical music
hip hop
hip hop music
hip hop production
hip house
hip pop
hiplife
hiragasy
hokkien pop
hokum
hong kong english pop
honky tonk
honky-tonk
honkyoku
hora
hora lungă
hornpipe
horror punk
horrorcore
house music
huayno
huayño
hula
humppa
hunguhungu
hyangak
hymn
hyphy
hát tuồng
icaro
igbo highlife
igbo music
igbo rap
illbient
impressionist music
incidental music
independent music
indian classical
indian jazz
indian pop
indian rock
indie folk
indie pop
indie rock
indietronica
indigenous music of north america
indigenous rock
indo jazz
indo pop
industrial
industrial death metal
industrial folk
industrial hip hop
industrial metal
industrial music
industrial musical
industrial rock
industrial techno
industrial thrash metal
instrumental
instrumental hip hop
instrumental rock
intelligent dance
intelligent dance music
inuit music
iranian pop
irish rebel music
irish traditional music
isicathamiya
islamic music
italo dance
italo disco
italo house
j-pop
j-rap
jaipongan
jam band
jam session
jamaican folk music
jamrieng samai
jangle
jangle pop
japanese jazz
japanese rock
japanoise
jarana yucateca
jarocho
jawaiian
jazz
jazz blues
jazz fusion
jazz improvisation
jazz rap
jazz rock
jazz-funk
jazzcore
jegog
jenkka
jerkin'
jersey club
jesus music
jig
jing ping
jingle
jit
jitterbug
jive
joged
joged bumbung
joik
joropo
jota
jug band
juke house
jump blues
jump-up
jumpstyle
jungle music
junkanoo
jùjú
jùjú music
k-pop
k-rap
kabuki
kacapi suling
kachāshī
kadongo kamu
kagok
kaiso
kalamatianó
kan ha diskan
kanikapila
kansas city blues
kansas city jazz
kantrum
karaoke
kargyraa
kaseko
kawachi ondo
kawaii metal
kayōkyoku
kecak
kertok
khaleeji
khaliji
khene
khoomei
khyal
kidandali
kievan chant
kirtan
kiwi rock
kizomba
klapa
klasik
klezmer
kliningan
kolomyjka
komagaku
korean hip hop
korean rock
kpanlogo
krakowiak
krautrock
kriti
kroncong
kuduro
kulintang
kundiman
kvæði
kwaito
kwassa kwassa
kwela
laiko
lambada
landó
laptronica
latin alternative
latin ballad
latin christian
latin freestyle
latin house
latin jazz
latin metal
latin music
latin pop
latin rock
latin soul
latin trap
latino hip hop
latino punk
lavani
laïkó
legényes
lento violento
letkajenkka
lhamo
lied
light metal music
light music
liquid funk
livetronica
liwa
lo-fi
lo-fi music
logobi
long song
louisiana blues
lounge music
lovers rock
low bap
lowercase
lubbock sound
luk krung
luk thung
lullaby
lundu
lyrical hip hop
m-base
mad-mam
madchester
madrigal
mafioso rap
mahori
mainstream jazz
makossa
malambo
malhun
maloya
mambo
manaschi
mandopop
manele
mangue bit
manila sound
mapouka
marabi
maracatu
march
mariachi
marinera
marrabenta
martial industrial
martial music
martinetes
mashup
maskanda
mass
matamuerte
math rock
mathcore
maxixe
mazurka
mbalax
mbaqanga
mbube
medieval folk rock
medieval metal
medieval music
meditation music
mejoranera
melam
melisma
melodic death metal
melodic hardcore
melodic metalcore
melodic music
memphis blues
memphis soul
mento
merengue
merengue music
merengue típico
merenrap
metalcore
metalstep
mexican pop
mexican rock music
mexican son
meykhana
mezwed
miami bass
microhouse
microsound
middle eastern music
middle of the road music
midwest hip hop
military music
milonga
min'yō
mini-jazz
minimal music
minimal techno
minimal wave
minneapolis sound
minstrel
minuet
modal jazz
modern rock
modinha
modular
montuno
moombahcore
moombahton
mor lam
mor lam sing
morenada
morlam
morna
motown sound
motswako
mozambique
mozarabic chant
mugham
mumble rap
murga
musette
mushroom jazz
music drama
music hall
musica llanero
musical improvisation
musique concrète
muwashshah
mákina
méringue
música criolla
música popular brasileira
música sertaneja
nagauta
nagoya kei
nakasi
nangma
nanguan music
narcocorrido
nardcore
narodna muzika
nasheed
nashville sound
national socialist black metal
nazi punk
ndombolo
nederpop
neo kyma
neo soul
neo-bop jazz
neo-classical metal
neo-medieval music
neo-progressive rock
neo-psychedelia
neo-swing
neoclassical
neoclassical dark wave
neoclassical metal
neoclassical new age
neofolk
neon pop
neotraditional country
nerdcore
neue deutsche härte
neue deutsche todeskunst
neue deutsche welle
neurofunk
neurohop
new beat
new jack swing
new mexico music
new orleans blues
new orleans rhythm and blues
new prog
new rave
new romantic
new school hip hop
new taiwanese song
new wave
new wave music
new wave of new wave
new weird america
new-age
new-age music
nightcore
nintendocore
nisiotika
nitzhonot
no wave
noh
noise
noise music
noise pop
noise rock
noisegrind
nordic folk music
nortec
norteño
northern soul
novelty
novelty ragtime
nu gaze
nu jazz
nu metal
nu skool breaks
nu-disco
nu-funk
nu-gaze
nueva canción
nuevo tango
obikhod
obscuro
oi!
old roman chant
old school hip hop
old time radio
old-school hip hop
old-time music
oldies
oldschool jungle
olonkho
ondo
opera
operatic pop
operetta
oratorio
orchestral jazz
orchestral pop
organ trio
organic ambient music
organum
oriental metal
original pilipino
ottava rima
ottoman military band
outlaw country
outsider music
p-funk
pachanga
pagan metal
pagan rock
pagode
paisley underground
palm wine music
palm-wine
pambiche
panambih
panchai baja
panchavadyam
pansori
paraguayan polka
paranda
paranda music
parang
parody
parody music
parranda
partido alto
pasacalle
pasillo
pasodoble
payada
peace punk
pelimanni music
persian traditional music
peruvian cumbia
petenera
peteneras
peyote song
philadelphia soul
pibroch
pichakaree
piedmont blues
pimba
pinoy pop
pinoy rock
pinpeat orchestra
piphat
pirate metal
piyyutim
plainsong
play
plena
pleng phua cheewit
pleng thai sakorn
political hip hop
polka
polo
polonaise
pols
polska
pong lang
pop folk
pop music
pop punk
pop rap
pop rock
pop soul
pop sunda
popular music
pornocore
pornogrind
porro
post-bop
post-britpop
post-disco
post-dubstep
post-grunge
post-hardcore
post-industrial
post-metal
post-minimalism
post-punk
post-punk revival
post-rock
post-romanticism
postmodern music
pow-wow
powada
power electronics
power metal
power noise
power pop
power soca
power trio
powerviolence
ppongtchak
praise song
program symphony
progressive bluegrass
progressive country
progressive electronic music
progressive folk
progressive folk music
progressive house
progressive jazz
progressive metal
progressive music
progressive pop
progressive rock
progressive trance
prostopinije
protest song
proto-punk
psybient
psychedelic folk
psychedelic funk
psychedelic jazz
psychedelic music
psychedelic pop
psychedelic rock
psychedelic soul
psychedelic trance
psychobilly
pub rock
pungmul
punk blues
punk cabaret
punk jazz
punk rock
punta
punta rock
puya
qasidah
qasidah modern
qawwali
quadrille
quan ho
queercore
quiet storm
raga
raga rock
ragga
ragga jungle
raggacore
raggamuffin
ragini
ragtime
rai
raicore
rake-and-scrape
ramkbach
ramvong
ranchera
rap metal
rap rock
rapcore
rapping
rapso
rara
rara tech
rare groove
rasin
rasiya
ravanahatha
rave music
raï
raï'n'b
rebetiko
red dirt
reel
reggae
reggae fusion
reggae highlife
reggaestep
reggaeton
regional mexican
rekilaulu
religious music
rembetiko
renaissance music
requiem music
retro
rhapsody
rhumba
rhyming spiritual
rhythm and blues
ricercar
ringbang
riot grrrl
rock against communism
rock and roll
rock en español
rock in opposition
rock music
rock opera
rockabilly
rocksteady
rococo
romani music
romantic period in music
ronggeng
roots reggae
roots rock
roots rock reggae
rumba
russian pop
rímur
rōkyoku
sabar
sadcore
salsa
salsa dura
salsa music
salsa romántica
saltarello
samba
samba rock
samba-canção
samba-reggae
sambai
sambass
sampledelia
sampling
sanjo
sardana
sato kagura
sawt
saya
schlager
schlager music
schottische
scottish baroque music
scottish folk music
screamo
scrumpy and western
scuff
sea shanty
sean-nós song
seapunk
second viennese school
sega
sega music
seggae
seis
semba
sephardic music
serialism
sertanejo music
set dance
sevdalinka
sevillana
shabda
shalako
shan'ge
shangaan electro
shango
shape note
shibuya-kei
shidaiqu
shima-uta
shock rock
shoegaze
shoegazing
shoka
shomyo
shota
show tune
sica
siguiriyas
silat
sinawi
singer-songwriter
ska
ska jazz
ska punk
skald
skate punk
skiffle
skullstep
skweee
skyladiko
slack-key guitar
slide music
slowcore
sludge metal
slängpolska
smooth jazz
smooth soul
snap
soca
soca music
soft rock
son
son cubano
son montuno
son-batá
sonata
songo
songo music
songo-salsa
sophisti-pop
soukous
soul
soul blues
soul jazz
soul music
sound poetry
soundtrack
southern gospel
southern gothic music
southern harmony
southern hip hop
southern metal
southern rock
southern soul
space
space age pop
space disco
space music
space rock
spectralism
speed garage
speed metal
speedcore
spirituals
splittercore
spoken word
spouge
sprechgesang
square dance
st. louis blues
steelband
stoner metal
stoner rock
straight edge music
straight-ahead jazz
strathspey
street punk
stride
stride jazz
string music
string quartet
sufi music
sufi rock
suite
sung poetry
sunshine pop
suomirock
suomisaundi
super eurobeat
surf
surf music
surf rock
swamp blues
swamp pop
swamp rock
swing
swing music
sygyt
symphonic black metal
symphonic metal
symphonic poem
symphonic rock
symphony
synth-pop
synth-punk
synthpop
synthwave
syrian chant
sârbă
t'ong guitar
taarab
tai tu
taiwanese opera
taiwanese pop
tala
talempong
talking blues
tamborito
tambu
tamburitza
tamil christian keerthanai
tango
tango music
tanguk
tappa
taqwacore
tarana
tarantella
taranto
tech house
tech trance
technical death metal
technical metal
techno
technoid
techstep
techtonik
tecno brega
tecnobrega
teen pop
tejano
tejano music
tembang sunda
texas blues
texas country
thai pop
thai string pop
theatre music
theme music
thillana
third stream
third wave ska
thirty-two-bar form
thrash metal
thrashcore
thumri
tibetan pop
tientos
timba
timbila
tin pan alley
tinku
toeshey
togaku
tondero
toná
tonás
trad jazz
traditional bluegrass
traditional country
traditional folk
traditional music
traditional nordic dance music
traditional pop
trallalero
trance
trance music
trap
trap edm
trap music
tribal house
trikitixa
trip hop
trival
tropical
tropical house
tropical music
tropicalia
tropipop
trot
truck-driving country
tumba
turbo-folk
turkish music
turkish pop
turntablism
tuvan throat-singing
twee pop
twelve-bar blues
twist
two-tone
twoubadou
táncház
uk drill
uk funky
uk garage
uk hard house
uk hardcore
unblack metal
underground music
uplifting trance
urban cowboy
urban pasifika
v-pop
vallenato
vaporwave
vaudeville
verbunkos
verismo
video game music
viking metal
villanella
virelais
vispop
visual kei
visual music
vocal house
vocal jazz
vocal music
vocal trance
vocaloid
volksmusik
waila
walking bass
wall of sound
waltz
wangga
war metal
war song
warabe uta
wassoulou
waulking song
were music
west coast blues
west coast hip hop
west coast jazz
western blues
western music
western swing
witch house
wizard rock
women's music
wong shadow
wonky
wonky pop
wood
work song
world fusion
world music
worldbeat
wrock
xhosa music
xote
yass
yayue
yo-pop
yodeling
youth crew
yukar
yé-yé
zajal
zamacueca
zamba
zamrock
zapin
zarzuela
zef
zeibekiko
zeuhl
ziglibithy
znamenny chant
zouglou
zouk
zouklove
zulu music
zydeco
čalgija
